README.md, before:

# TorchCNNBuilder

<div id="badges">
    <a href="https://pytorch.org/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pytorch-CB2C31?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" alt="pytorch badge"/>
    </a>
    <img alt="Dynamic JSON Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/torch">
    <a href="https://badge.fury.io/py/torchcnnbuilder">
        <img src="https://badge.fury.io/py/torchcnnbuilder.svg" alt="PyPI version" height="18">
    </a>
</div>

---
**TorchCNNBuilder** is an open-source framework for the automatic creation of CNN architectures. This framework should first of all help researchers in the applicability of CNN models for a huge range of tasks, taking over most of the writing of the architecture code. This framework is distributed under the 3-Clause BSD license. All the functionality is written only using `pytorch` *(no third-party dependencies)*.

### Installation

---
The simplest way to install framework is using `pip`:
```
pip install torchcnnbuilder
```

### Usage examples

---
The basic structure of the framework is presented below. Each subdirectory has its own example of using the appropriate available functionality. You can check [`<directory>_examples.ipynb`](./examples) files in order to see the ways to use the proposed toolkit. In short, there is the following functionality:

- the ability to calculate the size of tensors after (transposed) convolutional layers
- preprocessing an n-dimensional time series in `TensorDataset`
- automatic creation of (transposed) convolutional sequences
- automatic creation of (transposed) convolutional layers and (transposed) blocks from convolutional layers

The structure of the main part of the package:

```
├── examples
│ ├── builder_examples.ipynb
│ ├── preprocess_examples.ipynb
│ ├── models_examples.ipynb
│ └── tools                     # additional functions for the examples
└── torchcnnbuilder
    ├── preprocess
    │ └── time_series.py
    ├── builder.py
    └── models.py
```
Initially, the library was created to help predict n-dimensional time series *(geodata)*, so there is a corresponding functionality and templates of predictive models *(like `ForecasterBase`)*.

### Sources

---
- [Forecasting of Sea Ice Concentration using CNN, PDE discovery and Bayesian Networks](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050923020094)
- [Surrogate Modelling for Sea Ice Concentration using Lightweight Neural Ensemble](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.04330)
- [Post about framework development on habr.com - in russian](https://habr.com/ru/companies/selectel/articles/818649/)

### Development

---
We try to maintain good practices of readable open source code. Therefore, if you want to participate in the development and open your pool request, pay attention to the following points:
- Every push is checked by the flake8 job. It will show you PEP8 errors or possible code improvements.
- Use this linter script after your code:
```bash
bash lint_and_check.sh
````
*You can mark function docstrings using `#noqa`, in order for flake8 not to pay attention to them.*

### Acknowledgement

The project is supported by [FASIE](https://fasie.ru/) - Foundation for Assistance to Small Innovative Enterprises.

Commit message:

dev-0.1.5 (#18)
* doc major refactor
* implementing pdoc && doc refactor
* untracked files
* add doc build workflow
* refactor doc dir order
* minor fixes && deploy workflow
* debug workflow
* change doc backend
* add doc build workflow
* refactor doc dir order
* Delete docs/preprocess directory

README.md, after:

# TorchCNNBuilder

<div id="badges">
    <a href="https://pytorch.org/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pytorch-CB2C31?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" alt="pytorch badge"/>
    </a>
    <img alt="Dynamic JSON Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/torch">
    <a href="https://badge.fury.io/py/torchcnnbuilder">
        <img src="https://badge.fury.io/py/torchcnnbuilder.svg" alt="PyPI version" height="18">
    </a>
</div>

---
**TorchCNNBuilder** is an open-source framework for the automatic creation of CNN architectures. This framework should first of all help researchers in the applicability of CNN models for a huge range of tasks, taking over most of the writing of the architecture code. This framework is distributed under the 3-Clause BSD license. All the functionality is written only using `pytorch` *(no third-party dependencies)*.

### Installation

---
The simplest way to install framework is using `pip`:
```
pip install torchcnnbuilder
```

### Documentation 

Check the documentation [here](https://ChrisLisbon.github.io/TorchCNNBuilder/torchcnnbuilder.html). 

### Development 

In order to check available local `Makefile` commands run in the project root: 
```sh
make help
```
```yaml
help: Show help for each of the Makefile recipes.
lint: Lint the project with flake8 lib.
doc: Build and run the doc locally.
```

### Sources

---
- [Forecasting of Sea Ice Concentration using CNN, PDE discovery and Bayesian Networks](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050923020094)
- [Surrogate Modelling for Sea Ice Concentration using Lightweight Neural Ensemble](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.04330)
- [Post about framework development on habr.com - in russian](https://habr.com/ru/companies/selectel/articles/818649/)

### Acknowledgement

The project is supported by [FASIE](https://fasie.ru/) - Foundation for Assistance to Small Innovative Enterprises.
